at once overly old-fashioned in its sudsy plotting and heavy-handed in its effort to modernize it with encomia to diversity and tolerance .
watching `` ending '' is too often like looking over the outdated clothes and plastic knickknacks at your neighbor 's garage sale .
unfortunately , that 's precisely what arthur dong 's family fundamentals does .
outside of burger 's desire to make some kind of film , it 's really unclear why this project was undertaken
the cinematic equivalent of patronizing a bar favored by pretentious , untalented artistes who enjoy moaning about their cruel fate .
in other words , about as bad a film you 're likely to see all year .
naipaul fans may be disappointed .
rather than real figures , elling and kjell bjarne become symbolic characters whose actions are supposed to relate something about the naïf 's encounter with the world .
offers no new insight on the matter , nor do its characters exactly spring to life .
the script falls back on too many tried-and-true shenanigans that hardly distinguish it from the next teen comedy .
is that it 's a crime movie made by someone who obviously knows nothing about crime .
hollywood has taken quite a nosedive from alfred hitchcock 's imaginative flight to shyamalan 's self-important summer fluff .
you 'll find yourself wishing that you and they were in another movie .
can be classified as one of those ` alternate reality ' movies ... except that it would have worked so much better dealing in only one reality .
this is a film about the irksome , tiresome nature of complacency that remains utterly satisfied to remain the same throughout .
just a string of stale gags , with no good inside dope , and no particular bite .
too slow for a younger crowd , too shallow for an older one .
bad movie .
shallow .
in terms of execution this movie is careless and unfocused .
new ways of describing badness need to be invented to describe exactly how bad it is .
woody allen used to ridicule movies like hollywood ending .
it 's a thin notion , repetitively stretched out to feature length , awash in self-consciously flashy camera effects , droning house music and flat , flat dialogue .
... a bland murder-on-campus yawner .
ultimately , sarah 's dedication to finding her husband seems more psychotic than romantic , and nothing in the movie makes a convincing case that one woman 's broken heart outweighs all the loss we witness .
the movie is a lumbering load of hokum but ... it 's at least watchable .
witless and utterly pointless .
snoots will no doubt rally to its cause , trotting out threadbare standbys like ` masterpiece ' and ` triumph ' and all that malarkey , but rarely does an established filmmaker so ardently waste viewers ' time with a gobbler like this .
it appears to have been made by people to whom the idea of narrative logic or cohesion is an entirely foreign concept .
there 's nothing remotely topical or sexy here .
those of you who are not an eighth grade girl will most likely doze off during this one .
i also believe that resident evil is not it .
plays like john le carré with a couple of burnt-out cylinders .
in that setting , their struggle is simply too ludicrous and borderline insulting .
when you find yourself rooting for the monsters in a horror movie , you know the picture is in trouble .
the skills of a calculus major at m.i.t. are required to balance all the formulaic equations in the long-winded heist comedy who is cletis tout ?
this is n't a new idea .
yet another arnold vehicle that fails to make adequate use of his particular talents .
predecessors the mummy and the mummy returns stand as intellectual masterpieces next to the scorpion king .
it is n't scary .
sayles ... once again strands his superb performers in the same old story .
it looks good , but it is essentially empty .
it could have been something special , but two things drag it down to mediocrity -- director clare peploe 's misunderstanding of marivaux 's rhythms , and mira sorvino 's limitations as a classical actress .
what could have been right at home as a nifty plot line in steven soderbergh 's traffic fails to arrive at any satisfying destination .
the premise of `` abandon '' holds promise , ... but its delivery is a complete mess .
just another combination of bad animation and mindless violence ... lacking the slightest bit of wit or charm .
terminally bland , painfully slow and needlessly confusing ... the movie , shot on digital videotape rather than film , is frequently indecipherable .
for this sort of thing to work , we need agile performers , but the proficient , dull sorvino has no light touch , and rodan is out of his league .
hampered -- no , paralyzed -- by a self-indulgent script ... that aims for poetry and ends up sounding like satire .
the movie spends more time with schneider than with newcomer mcadams , even though her performance is more interesting -lrb- and funnier -rrb- than his .
a work that lacks both a purpose and a strong pulse .
check your brain and your secret agent decoder ring at the door because you do n't want to think too much about what 's going on .
where this was lazy but enjoyable , a formula comedy redeemed by its stars , that is even lazier and far less enjoyable .
it 's hard to imagine another director ever making his wife look so bad in a major movie .
the holes in this film remain agape -- holes punched through by an inconsistent , meandering , and sometimes dry plot .
... silly humbuggery ...
the screenplay , co-written by director imogen kimmel , lacks the wit necessary to fully exploit the comic elements of the premise , making the proceedings more bizarre than actually amusing .
gooding and coburn are both oscar winners , a fact which , as you watch them clumsily mugging their way through snow dogs , seems inconceivable .
sade achieves the near-impossible : it turns the marquis de sade into a dullard .
anyone not into high-tech splatterfests is advised to take the warning literally , and log on to something more user-friendly .
-lrb- lee -rrb- treats his audience the same way that jim brown treats his women -- as dumb , credulous , unassuming , subordinate subjects .
a 75-minute sample of puerile rubbish that is listless , witless , and devoid of anything resembling humor .
a profoundly stupid affair , populating its hackneyed and meanspirited storyline with cardboard characters and performers who value cash above credibility .
though it pretends to expose the life of male hustlers , it 's exploitive without being insightful .
it 's impossible to even categorize this as a smutty guilty pleasure .
if the tuxedo actually were a suit , it would fit chan like a $ 99 bargain-basement special .
a supernatural mystery that does n't know whether it wants to be a suspenseful horror movie or a weepy melodrama .
there 's some outrageously creative action in the transporter ... -lrb- b -rrb- ut by the time frank parachutes down onto a moving truck , it 's just another cartoon with an unstoppable superman .
godard uses his characters -- if that 's not too glorified a term -- as art things , mouthpieces , visual motifs , blanks .
-lrb- tries -rrb- to parody a genre that 's already a joke in the united states .
the story has its redundancies , and the young actors , not very experienced , are sometimes inexpressive .
lush and beautifully photographed -lrb- somebody suggested the stills might make a nice coffee table book -rrb- , but ultimately you 'll leave the theater wondering why these people mattered .
a sleek advert for youthful anomie that never quite equals the sum of its pretensions .
replacing john carpenter 's stylish tracking shots is degraded , handheld blair witch video-cam footage .
too long , and larded with exposition , this somber cop drama ultimately feels as flat as the scruffy sands of its titular community .
an impenetrable and insufferable ball of pseudo-philosophic twaddle .
every sequel you skip will be two hours gained .
... while each moment of this broken character study is rich in emotional texture , the journey does n't really go anywhere .
nothing sticks , really , except a lingering creepiness one feels from being dragged through a sad , sordid universe of guns , drugs , avarice and damaged dreams .
for dance completists only .
the latest vapid actor 's exercise to appropriate the structure of arthur schnitzler 's reigen .
it 's just rather leaden and dull .
the kind of film that leaves you scratching your head in amazement over the fact that so many talented people could participate in such an ill-advised and poorly executed idea .
if you 're the kind of parent who enjoys intentionally introducing your kids to films which will cause loads of irreparable damage that years and years of costly analysis could never fix , i have just one word for you - -- decasia
if i want a real movie , i 'll buy the criterion dvd .
on its icy face , the new film is a subzero version of monsters , inc. , without the latter 's imagination , visual charm or texture .
who cares ? -rrb- .
if i could have looked into my future and saw how bad this movie was , i would go back and choose to skip it .
it would n't matter so much that this arrogant richard pryor wannabe 's routine is offensive , puerile and unimaginatively foul-mouthed if it was at least funny .
the crap continues .
rice is too pedestrian a filmmaker to bring any edge or personality to the rising place that would set it apart from other deep south stories .
imagine kevin smith , the blasphemous bad boy of suburban jersey , if he were stripped of most of his budget and all of his sense of humor .
all movie long , city by the sea swings from one approach to the other , but in the end , it stays in formula -- which is a waste of de niro , mcdormand and the other good actors in the cast .
nevertheless , it still seems endless .
ponderous , plodding soap opera disguised as a feature film .
after the first 10 minutes , which is worth seeing , the movie sinks into an abyss of clichés , depression and bad alternative music .
a story which fails to rise above its disgusting source material .
it squanders chan 's uniqueness ; it could even be said to squander jennifer love hewitt !
lacks the inspiration of the original and has a bloated plot that stretches the running time about 10 minutes past a child 's interest and an adult 's patience .
high crimes carries almost no organic intrigue as a government \/ marine\/legal mystery , and that 's because the movie serves up all of that stuff , nearly subliminally , as the old-hat province of male intrigue .
the movie itself appears to be running on hypertime in reverse as the truly funny bits get further and further apart .
-lrb- swimfan -rrb- falls victim to sloppy plotting , an insultingly unbelievable final act and a villainess who is too crazy to be interesting .
a low-rent retread of the alien pictures .
sandra bullock , despite downplaying her good looks , carries a little too much ai n't - she-cute baggage into her lead role as a troubled and determined homicide cop to quite pull off the heavy stuff .
does n't add up to much .
while this one gets off with a good natured warning , future lizard endeavors will need to adhere more closely to the laws of laughter
jackass is a vulgar and cheap-looking version of candid camera staged for the marquis de sade set .
it 's only in fairy tales that princesses that are married for political reason live happily ever after .
it goes on for too long and bogs down in a surfeit of characters and unnecessary subplots .
judd 's characters ought to pick up the durable best seller smart women , foolish choices for advice .
throw smoochy from the train !
stealing harvard will dip into your wallet , swipe 90 minutes of your time , and offer you precisely this in recompense : a few early laughs scattered around a plot as thin as it is repetitious .
but the second half of the movie really goes downhill .
the characters , cast in impossibly contrived situations , are totally estranged from reality .
the film can depress you about life itself .
those who are not acquainted with the author 's work , on the other hand , may fall fast asleep .
a movie so bad that it quickly enters the pantheon of wreckage that includes battlefield earth and showgirls .
like a comedian who starts off promisingly but then proceeds to flop , comedian runs out of steam after a half hour .
-lrb- siegel -rrb- and co-writers lisa bazadona and grace woodard have relied too much on convention in creating the characters who surround frankie .
no such thing breaks no new ground and treads old turf like a hippopotamus ballerina .
it sucked .
the movie does n't generate a lot of energy .
to build a feel-good fantasy around a vain dictator-madman is off-putting , to say the least , not to mention inappropriate and wildly undeserved .
this is rote spookiness , with nary an original idea -lrb- or role , or edit , or score , or anything , really -rrb- in sight , and the whole of the proceedings beg the question ` why ? '
ultimately the , yes , snail-like pacing and lack of thematic resonance make the film more silly than scary , like some sort of martha stewart decorating program run amok .
the end result is like cold porridge with only the odd enjoyably chewy lump .
i think it was plato who said , ' i think , therefore i know better than to rush to the theatre for this one . '
the movie does n't add anything fresh to the myth .
often silly -- and gross -- but it 's rarely as moronic as some campus gross-out films .
one of the most depressing movie-going experiences i can think of is to sit through about 90 minutes of a so-called ` comedy ' and not laugh once .
the movie is too impressed with its own solemn insights to work up much entertainment value .
the entire movie is so formulaic and forgettable that it 's hardly over before it begins to fade from memory .
for every articulate player , such as skateboarder tony hawk or bmx rider mat hoffman , are about a half dozen young turks angling to see how many times they can work the words `` radical '' or `` suck '' into a sentence .
even by the intentionally low standards of frat-boy humor , sorority boys is a bowser .
the picture seems uncertain whether it wants to be an acidic all-male all about eve or a lush , swooning melodrama in the intermezzo strain .
there 's nothing to gain from watching they .
a grating , emaciated flick .
absolutely not .
-lrb- green is -rrb- the comedy equivalent of saddam hussein , and i 'm just about ready to go to the u.n. and ask permission for a preemptive strike .
the movie does such an excellent job of critiquing itself at every faltering half-step of its development that criticizing feels more like commiserating .
as pedestrian as they come .
this is a heartfelt story ... it just is n't a very involving one .
the movie is genial but never inspired , and little about it will stay with you .
grating and tedious .
astonishing is n't the word -- neither is incompetent , incoherent or just plain crap .
the script by vincent r. nebrida ... tries to cram too many ingredients into one small pot .
the screenplay by james eric , james horton and director peter o'fallon ... is so pat it makes your teeth hurt .
the story really has no place to go since simone is not real -- she ca n't provide any conflict .
the story is predictable , the jokes are typical sandler fare , and the romance with ryder is puzzling .
more successful at relating history than in creating an emotionally complex , dramatically satisfying heroine
will undoubtedly play well in european markets , where mr. besson is a brand name , and in asia , where ms. shu is an institution , but american audiences will probably find it familiar and insufficiently cathartic .
when the casting call for this movie went out , it must have read ` seeking anyone with acting ambition but no sense of pride or shame . '
it is dark , brooding and slow , and takes its central idea way too seriously .
a movie that harps on media-constructed ` issues ' like whether compromise is the death of self ... this orgasm -lrb- wo n't be an -rrb- exceedingly memorable one for most people .
both deserve better .
a yawn-provoking little farm melodrama .
enigma lacks it .
demme finally succeeds in diminishing his stature from oscar-winning master to lowly studio hack .
-lrb- a -rrb- crushing disappointment .
the director 's many dodges and turns add up to little more than a screenful of gamesmanship that 's low on both suspense and payoff .
what a stiflingly unfunny and unoriginal mess this is !
nobody seems to have cared much about any aspect of it , from its cheesy screenplay to the grayish quality of its lighting to its last-minute , haphazard theatrical release .
will anyone who is n't a fangoria subscriber be excited that it has n't gone straight to video ?
... begins with promise , but runs aground after being snared in its own tangled plot .
but it 's hardly a necessary enterprise .
one of the worst films of 2002 .
disgusting .
obvious .
tries to work in the same vein as the brilliance of animal house but instead comes closer to the failure of the third revenge of the nerds sequel .
a disaster of a drama , saved only by its winged assailants .
unfortunately , we 'd prefer a simple misfire .
the appeal of the vulgar , sexist , racist humour went over my head or -- considering just how low brow it is -- perhaps it snuck under my feet .
features nonsensical and laughable plotting , wooden performances , ineptly directed action sequences and some of the worst dialogue in recent memory .
what a great shame that such a talented director as chen kaige has chosen to make his english-language debut with a film so poorly plotted and scripted .
an entertainment so in love with its overinflated mythology that it no longer recognizes the needs of moviegoers for real characters and compelling plots .
cherish is a dud -- a romantic comedy that 's not the least bit romantic and only mildly funny .
to the vast majority of more casual filmgoers , it will probably be a talky bore .
adults , other than the parents ... will be hard pressed to succumb to the call of the wild .
none of this so-called satire has any sting to it , as if woody is afraid of biting the hand that has finally , to some extent , warmed up to him .
with tiny little jokes and nary an original idea , this sappy ethnic sleeper proves that not only blockbusters pollute the summer movie pool .
it 's a road-trip drama with too many wrong turns .
one long , numbing action sequence made up mostly of routine stuff yuen has given us before .
the main characters are simply named the husband , the wife and the kidnapper , emphasizing the disappointingly generic nature of the entire effort .
he does n't , however , deliver nearly enough of the show 's trademark style and flash .
seemingly a vehicle to showcase the canadian 's inane ramblings , stealing harvard is a smorgasbord of soliloquies about nothing delivered by the former mr. drew barrymore .
a little less extreme than in the past , with longer exposition sequences between them , and with fewer gags to break the tedium .
beneath the uncanny , inevitable and seemingly shrewd facade of movie-biz farce ... lies a plot cobbled together from largely flat and uncreative moments .
a beautifully shot but dull and ankle-deep ` epic . '
this latest installment of the horror film franchise that is apparently as invulnerable as its trademark villain has arrived for an incongruous summer playoff , demonstrating yet again that the era of the intelligent , well-made b movie is long gone .
in this case zero .
its and pieces of the hot chick are so hilarious , and schneider 's performance is so fine , it 's a real shame that so much of the movie -- again , as in the animal -- is a slapdash mess .
a noble failure .
adam sandler 's heart may be in the right place , but he needs to pull his head out of his butt
... expands the horizons of boredom to the point of collapse , turning into a black hole of dullness , from which no interesting concept can escape .
a surprisingly flat retread , hobbled by half-baked setups and sluggish pacing .
the lousy john q all but spits out denzel washington 's fine performance in the title role .
the director , with his fake backdrops and stately pacing , never settles on a consistent tone .
with a romantic comedy plotline straight from the ages , this cinderella story does n't have a single surprise up its sleeve .
officially , it is twice as bestial but half as funny .
it does n't work as either .
a long , dull procession of despair , set to cello music culled from a minimalist funeral .
lan yu seems altogether too slight to be called any kind of masterpiece .
its message has merit and , in the hands of a brutally honest individual like prophet jack , might have made a point or two regarding life .
if welles was unhappy at the prospect of the human race splitting in two , he probably would n't be too crazy with his great-grandson 's movie splitting up in pretty much the same way .
during the tuxedo 's 90 minutes of screen time , there is n't one true ` chan moment ' .
an absurdist spider web .
despite juliet stevenon 's attempt to bring cohesion to pamela 's emotional roller coaster life , it is not enough to give the film the substance it so desperately needs .
a painfully slow cliche-ridden film filled with more holes than clyde barrow 's car .
not even felinni would know what to make of this italian freakshow .
it is n't that stealing harvard is a horrible movie -- if only it were that grand a failure !
rob schneider 's infantile cross-dressing routines fill the hot chick , the latest gimmick from this unimaginative comedian .
i am more offended by his lack of faith in his audience than by anything on display here .
it 's that painful .
but here 's a movie about it anyway .
it 's hard to imagine that even very small children will be impressed by this tired retread .
the movie resolutely avoids all the comic possibilities of its situation , and becomes one more dumb high school comedy about sex gags and prom dates .
what remains is a variant of the nincompoop benigni persona , here a more annoying , though less angry version of the irresponsible sandlerian manchild , undercut by the voice of the star of road trip .
this little film is so slovenly done , so primitive in technique , that it ca n't really be called animation .
lawrence should stick to his day job .
` in this poor remake of such a well loved classic , parker exposes the limitations of his skill and the basic flaws in his vision . '
it 's a drag how nettelbeck sees working women -- or at least this working woman -- for whom she shows little understanding .
at times auto focus feels so distant you might as well be watching it through a telescope .
her film is like a beautiful food entrée that is n't heated properly , so that it ends up a bit cold and relatively flavorless .
the acting is n't much better .
lacking substance and soul , crossroads comes up shorter than britney 's cutoffs .
too stagey , talky -- and long -- for its own good .
apparently , romantic comedy with a fresh point of view just does n't figure in the present hollywood program .
made me unintentionally famous -- as the queasy-stomached critic who staggered from the theater and blacked out in the lobby .
it 's impossible to indulge the fanciful daydreams of janice beard -lrb- eileen walsh -rrb- when her real-life persona is so charmless and vacant .
the château would have been benefited from a sharper , cleaner script before it went in front of the camera .
kung pow is oedekerk 's realization of his childhood dream to be in a martial-arts flick , and proves that sometimes the dreams of youth should remain just that .
`` -lrb- hopkins -rrb- does n't so much phone in his performance as fax it .
`` the adventures of pluto nash '' is a big time stinker .
for something as splendid-looking as this particular film , the viewer expects something special but instead gets -lrb- sci-fi -rrb- rehash .
a movie to forget
these self-styled athletes have banged their brains into the ground so frequently and furiously , their capacity to explain themselves has gone the same way as their natural instinct for self-preservation .
the scriptwriters are no less a menace to society than the film 's characters .
the mothman prophecies , which is mostly a bore , seems to exist only for its climactic setpiece .
... another example of how sandler is losing his touch .
... the movie feels stitched together from stock situations and characters from other movies .
swims in mediocrity , sticking its head up for a breath of fresh air now and then .
was that movie nothing more than a tepid exercise in trotting out a formula that worked five years ago but has since lost its fizz ?
what 's hard to understand is why anybody picked it up .
never inspires more than an interested detachment .
you can drive right by it without noticing anything special , save for a few comic turns , intended and otherwise .
it 's hard to believe these jokers are supposed to have pulled off four similar kidnappings before .
although it starts off so bad that you feel like running out screaming , it eventually works its way up to merely bad rather than painfully awful .
once the downward spiral comes to pass , auto focus bears out as your typical junkie opera ...
feels less like a cousin to blade runner than like a bottom-feeder sequel in the escape from new york series .
cherish would 've worked a lot better had it been a short film .
it 's a frankenstein-monster of a film that does n't know what it wants to be .
the movie is not as terrible as the synergistic impulse that created it .
` unfaithful ' cheats on itself and retreats to comfortable territory .
instead of trying to bust some blondes , -lrb- diggs -rrb- should be probing why a guy with his talent ended up in a movie this bad .
do n't let the subtitles fool you ; the movie only proves that hollywood no longer has a monopoly on mindless action .
animated drivel meant to enhance the self-image of drooling idiots .
further sad evidence that tom tykwer , director of the resonant and sense-spinning run lola run , has turned out to be a one-trick pony -- a maker of softheaded metaphysical claptrap .
lazy , miserable and smug .
very much a home video , and so devoid of artifice and purpose that it appears not to have been edited at all .
it 's mildly sentimental , unabashedly consumerist ... studiously inoffensive and completely disposable .
`` interview '' loses its overall sense of mystery and becomes a tv episode rather than a documentary that you actually buy into .
if you 're over 25 , have an iq over 90 , and have a driver 's license , you should be able to find better entertainment .
hill looks to be going through the motions , beginning with the pale script .
a light , engaging comedy that fumbles away almost all of its accumulated enjoyment with a crucial third act miscalculation .
like a can of 2-day old coke .
what we have is a character faced with the possibility that her life is meaningless , vapid and devoid of substance , in a movie that is definitely meaningless , vapid and devoid of substance .
the laughs are as rare as snake foo yung .
it should have stayed there .
the plot has a number of holes , and at times it 's simply baffling .
after a while , hoffman 's quirks and mannerisms , particularly his penchant for tearing up on cue -- things that seem so real in small doses -- become annoying and artificial .
perry 's good and his is an interesting character , but `` serving sara '' has n't much more to serve than silly fluff .
it makes me say the obvious : abandon all hope of a good movie ye who enter here .
it 's supposed to be a romantic comedy - it suffers from too much norma rae and not enough pretty woman .
the whole talking-animal thing is grisly .
the latest adam sandler assault and possibly the worst film of the year .
as predictable as the outcome of a globetrotters-generals game , juwanna mann is even more ludicrous than you 'd expect from the guy-in-a-dress genre , and a personal low for everyone involved .
rumor , a muddled drama about coming to terms with death , feels impersonal , almost generic .
has none of the crackle of `` fatal attraction '' , `` 9 1\/2 weeks '' , or even `` indecent proposal '' , and feels more like lyne 's stolid remake of `` lolita '' .
zigzag might have been richer and more observant if it were less densely plotted .
... a hokey piece of nonsense that tries too hard to be emotional .
the great pity is that those responsible did n't cut their losses -- and ours -- and retitle it the adventures of direct-to-video nash , and send it to its proper home .
a fairly harmless but ultimately lifeless feature-length afterschool special .
if you really want to understand what this story is really all about , you 're far better served by the source material .
return to never land is much more p.c. than the original version -lrb- no more racist portraits of indians , for instance -rrb- , but the excitement is missing .
... while certainly clever in spots , this too-long , spoofy update of shakespeare 's macbeth does n't sustain a high enough level of invention .
even fans of ismail merchant 's work , i suspect , would have a hard time sitting through this one .
watching junk like this induces a kind of abstract guilt , as if you were paying dues for good books unread , fine music never heard .
there 's a scientific law to be discerned here that producers would be well to heed : mediocre movies start to drag as soon as the action speeds up ; when the explosions start , they fall to pieces .
the film is an earnest try at beachcombing verismo , but it would be even more indistinct than it is were it not for the striking , quietly vulnerable personality of ms. ambrose .
but rather , ` how can you charge money for this ? '
it is just too bad the film 's story does not live up to its style .
the young stars are too cute ; the story and ensuing complications are too manipulative ; the message is too blatant ; the resolutions are too convenient .
like a fish that 's lived too long , austin powers in goldmember has some unnecessary parts and is kinda wrong in places .
for all the time we spend with these people , we never really get inside of them .
this starts off with a 1950 's doris day feel and it gets very ugly , very fast .
it 's not too much of anything .
what starts off as a possible argentine american beauty reeks like a room stacked with pungent flowers .
bears is even worse than i imagined a movie ever could be .
the film is strictly routine .
its salient points are simultaneously buried , drowned and smothered in the excesses of writer-director roger avary .
what ensues are much blood-splattering , mass drug-induced bowel evacuations , and none-too-funny commentary on the cultural distinctions between americans and brits .
... grows decidedly flimsier with its many out-sized , out of character and logically porous action set pieces .
a sloppy slapstick throwback to long gone bottom-of-the-bill fare like the ghost and mr. chicken .
the film is really closer to porn than a serious critique of what 's wrong with this increasingly pervasive aspect of gay culture .
but it has an ambition to say something about its subjects , but not a willingness .
i 've seen some bad singer-turned actors , but lil bow wow takes the cake .
` synthetic ' is the best description of this well-meaning , beautifully produced film that sacrifices its promise for a high-powered star pedigree .
lacks depth .
suffice to say its total promise is left slightly unfulfilled .
in old-fashioned screenwriting parlance , ms. shreve 's novel proved too difficult a text to ` lick , ' despite the efforts of a first-rate cast .
its simplicity puts an exclamation point on the fact that this is n't something to be taken seriously , but it also wrecks any chance of the movie rising above similar fare .
the action here is unusually tame , the characters are too simplistic to maintain interest , and the plot offers few surprises .
set in a 1986 harlem that does n't look much like anywhere in new york .
rather , pity anyone who sees this mishmash .
its generic villains lack any intrigue -lrb- other than their funny accents -rrb- and the action scenes are poorly delivered .
as is often the case with ambitious , eager first-time filmmakers , mr. murray , a prolific director of music videos , stuffs his debut with more plot than it can comfortably hold .
a singularly off-putting romantic comedy .
the story of trouble every day ... is so sketchy it amounts to little more than preliminary notes for a science-fiction horror film , and the movie 's fragmentary narrative style makes piecing the story together frustrating difficult .
trouble every day is a success in some sense , but it 's hard to like a film so cold and dead .
all too familiar ... basically the sort of cautionary tale that was old when ` angels with dirty faces ' appeared in 1938 .
... if it had been only half-an-hour long or a tv special , the humor would have been fast and furious -- at ninety minutes , it drags .
enough is not a bad movie , just mediocre .
... instead go rent `` shakes the clown '' , a much funnier film with a similar theme and an equally great robin williams performance .
a rather tired exercise in nostalgia .
it 's the humanizing stuff that will probably sink the film for anyone who does n't think about percentages all day long .
but for the most part , the weight of water comes off as a two-way time-switching myopic mystery that stalls in its lackluster gear of emotional blandness .
a movie version of a paint-by-numbers picture .
it 's just that it 's so not-at-all-good .
horrendously amateurish filmmaking that is plainly dull and visually ugly when it is n't incomprehensible .
-lrb- hell is -rrb- looking down at your watch and realizing serving sara is n't even halfway through .
for all its shoot-outs , fistfights , and car chases , this movie is a phlegmatic bore , so tedious it makes the silly spy vs. spy film the sum of all fears , starring ben affleck , seem downright hitchcockian .
romething 's really wrong with this ricture !
a sluggish pace and lack of genuine narrative hem the movie in every bit as much as life hems in the spirits of these young women .
for the rest of us , sitting through dahmer 's two hours amounts to little more than punishment .
a generic family comedy unlikely to be appreciated by anyone outside the under-10 set .
a frustrating ` tweener ' -- too slick , contrived and exploitative for the art houses and too cynical , small and decadent for the malls .
klein , charming in comedies like american pie and dead-on in election , delivers one of the saddest action hero performances ever witnessed .
their parents would do well to cram earplugs in their ears and put pillowcases over their heads for 87 minutes .
a relative letdown .
about as enjoyable , i would imagine , as searching for a quarter in a giant pile of elephant feces ... positively dreadful .
you might want to take a reality check before you pay the full ticket price to see `` simone , '' and consider a dvd rental instead .
a pleasant and engaging enough sit , but in trying to have the best of both worlds it ends up falling short as a whole .
even as i valiantly struggled to remain interested , or at least conscious , i could feel my eyelids ... getting ... very ... heavy ...
if only it were , well , funnier .
why did they deem it necessary to document all this emotional misery ?
turns a potentially interesting idea into an excruciating film school experience that plays better only for the film 's publicists or for people who take as many drugs as the film 's characters
the film feels formulaic , its plot and pacing typical hollywood war-movie stuff , while the performances elicit more of a sense of deja vu than awe .
it 's definitely not made for kids or their parents , for that matter , and i think even fans of sandler 's comic taste may find it uninteresting .
one of those films where the characters inhabit that special annex of hell where adults behave like kids , children behave like adults and everyone screams at the top of their lungs no matter what the situation .
enough said , except : film overboard !
the movie is undone by a filmmaking methodology that 's just experimental enough to alienate the mainstream audience while ringing cliched to hardened indie-heads .
it does n't offer audiences any way of gripping what its point is , or even its attitude toward its subject .
but this new jangle of noise , mayhem and stupidity must be a serious contender for the title .
illiterate , often inert sci-fi action thriller .
the film 's thoroughly recycled plot and tiresome jokes ... drag the movie down .
there might be some sort of credible gender-provoking philosophy submerged here , but who the hell cares ?
the country bears wastes an exceptionally good idea .
so much about the film is loopy and ludicrous ... that it could have been a hoot in a bad-movie way if the laborious pacing and endless exposition had been tightened .
a reworking of die hard and cliffhanger but it 's nowhere near as exciting as either .
how inept is serving sara ?
in the wrong hands , i.e. peploe 's , it 's simply unbearable
this is an exercise not in biography but in hero worship .
the sort of picture in which , whenever one of the characters has some serious soul searching to do , they go to a picture-perfect beach during sunset .
there 's the plot , and a maddeningly insistent and repetitive piano score that made me want to scream .
a grand fart coming from a director beginning to resemble someone 's crazy french grandfather .
rifkin no doubt fancies himself something of a hubert selby jr. , but there is n't an ounce of honest poetry in his entire script ; it 's simply crude and unrelentingly exploitative .
too silly to take seriously .
sometimes there are very , very good reasons for certain movies to be sealed in a jar and left on a remote shelf indefinitely .
imagine a film that begins as a seven rip-off , only to switch to a mix of the shining , the thing , and any naked teenagers horror flick from the 1980s .
fluffy neo-noir hiding behind cutesy film references .
did we really need a remake of `` charade ? ''
the romance between the leads is n't as compelling or as believable as it should be .
... stumbles over every cheap trick in the book trying to make the outrage come even easier .
most of the movie is so deadly dull that watching the proverbial paint dry would be a welcome improvement .
the documentary is much too conventional -- lots of boring talking heads , etc. -- to do the subject matter justice .
what should have been a painless time-killer becomes instead a grating endurance test .
a seriously bad film with seriously warped logic by writer-director kurt wimmer at the screenplay level .
it 's a frightful vanity film that , no doubt , pays off what debt miramax felt they owed to benigni .
a determined , ennui-hobbled slog that really does n't have much to say beyond the news flash that loneliness can make people act weird .
` god help us , but capra and cooper are rolling over in their graves . '
whether it 's the worst movie of 2002 , i ca n't say for sure : memories of rollerball have faded , and i skipped country bears .
too many scenarios in which the hero might have an opportunity to triumphantly sermonize , and too few that allow us to wonder for ourselves if things will turn out okay .
david spade as citizen kane ?
whether jason x is this bad on purpose is never clear .
as david letterman and the onion have proven , the worst of tragedies can be fertile sources of humor , but lawrence has only a fleeting grasp of how to develop them .
there 's not a comedic moment in this romantic comedy .
pretend like your sat scores are below 120 and you might not notice the flaws .
a markedly inactive film , city is conversational bordering on confessional .
the movie 's biggest shocks come from seeing former nymphette juliette lewis playing a salt-of-the-earth mommy named minnie and watching slim travel incognito in a ridiculous wig no respectable halloween costume shop would ever try to sell .
the film 's trailer also looked like crap , so crap is what i was expecting .
deserving of its critical backlash and more .
this is an action movie with an action icon who 's been all but decommissioned .
i 've had more interesting -- and , dare i say , thematically complex -- bowel movements than this long-on-the-shelf , point-and-shoot exercise in gimmicky crime drama .
it 's a pedestrian , flat drama that screams out ` amateur ' in almost every frame .
an alternately raucous and sappy ethnic sitcom ... you 'd be wise to send your regrets .
the package in which this fascinating -- and timely -- content comes wrapped is disappointingly generic .
family togetherness takes a back seat to inter-family rivalry and workplace ambition ... whole subplots have no explanation or even plot relevance .
nothing wrong with performances here , but the whiney characters bugged me .
unfortunately , it 's also not very good .
all of the elements are in place for a great film noir , but director george hickenlooper 's approach to the material is too upbeat .
despite auteuil 's performance , it 's a rather listless amble down the middle of the road , where the thematic ironies are too obvious and the sexual politics too smug .
it just goes to show , an intelligent person is n't necessarily an admirable storyteller .
... too sappy for its own good .
the script boasts some tart tv-insider humor , but the film has not a trace of humanity or empathy .
the movie does n't think much of its characters , its protagonist , or of us .
queen of the damned as you might have guessed , makes sorry use of aaliyah in her one and only starring role -- she does little here but point at things that explode into flame .
an unsuccessful attempt at a movie of ideas .
the milieu is wholly unconvincing ... and the histrionics reach a truly annoying pitch .
not only is it hokey , manipulative and as bland as wonder bread dipped in milk , but it also does the absolute last thing we need hollywood doing to us : it preaches .
the screenplay is hugely overwritten , with tons and tons of dialogue -- most of it given to children .
appropriately cynical social commentary aside , # 9 never quite ignites .
as an entertainment destination for the general public , kung pow sets a new benchmark for lameness .
the film does n't show enough of the creative process or even of what was created for the non-fan to figure out what makes wilco a big deal .
starts out strongly before quickly losing its focus , point and purpose in a mess of mixed messages , over-blown drama and bruce willis with a scar .
a small independent film suffering from a severe case of hollywood-itis .
the only surprise is that heavyweights joel silver and robert zemeckis agreed to produce this ; i assume the director has pictures of them cavorting in ladies ' underwear .
belongs in the too-hot-for-tv direct-to-video\/dvd category , and this is why i have given it a one-star rating .
while the performances are often engaging , this loose collection of largely improvised numbers would probably have worked better as a one-hour tv documentary .
he fails .
the problem with the mayhem in formula 51 is not that it 's offensive , but that it 's boring .
this director 's cut -- which adds 51 minutes -- takes a great film and turns it into a mundane soap opera .
the film never rises above a conventional , two dimension tale
the attempt to build up a pressure cooker of horrified awe emerges from the simple fact that the movie has virtually nothing to show .
it just does n't have anything really interesting to say .
adam sandler 's eight crazy nights grows on you -- like a rash .
the merchant-ivory team continues to systematically destroy everything we hold dear about cinema , only now it 's begun to split up so that it can do even more damage .
take care is nicely performed by a quintet of actresses , but nonetheless it drags during its 112-minute length .
well made but uninvolving , bloodwork is n't a terrible movie , just a stultifyingly obvious one -- an unrewarding collar for a murder mystery .
one of those films that seems tailor made to air on pay cable to offer some modest amusements when one has nothing else to watch .
despite its hawaiian setting , the science-fiction trimmings and some moments of rowdy slapstick , the basic plot of `` lilo '' could have been pulled from a tear-stained vintage shirley temple script .
... the cast portrays their cartoon counterparts well ... but quite frankly , scoob and shag do n't eat enough during the film . '
lacks dramatic punch and depth .
the movie is like scorsese 's mean streets redone by someone who ignored it in favor of old ` juvenile delinquent ' paperbacks with titles like leather warriors and switchblade sexpot .
it is too bad that this likable movie is n't more accomplished .
has the disjointed feel of a bunch of strung-together tv episodes .
... the efforts of its star , kline , to lend some dignity to a dumb story are for naught .
this is rote drivel aimed at mom and dad 's wallet .
but , like silence , it 's a movie that gets under your skin .
in the name of an allegedly inspiring and easily marketable flick , the emperor 's club turns a blind eye to the very history it pretends to teach .
if you go , pack your knitting needles .
murder by numbers just does n't add up .
the story is lacking any real emotional impact , and the plot is both contrived and cliched .
costner 's warm-milk persona is just as ill-fitting as shadyac 's perfunctory directing chops , and some of the more overtly silly dialogue would sink laurence olivier .
offers absolutely nothing i had n't already seen .
this is the case of a pregnant premise being wasted by a script that takes few chances and manages to insult the intelligence of everyone in the audience .
throughout all the tumult , a question comes to mind : so why is this so boring ?
in the wake of saving private ryan , black hawk down and we were soldiers , you are likely to be as heartily sick of mayhem as cage 's war-weary marine .
it winds up moving in many directions as it searches -lrb- vainly , i think -rrb- for something fresh to say .
for most movies , 84 minutes is short , but this one feels like a life sentence .
director david fincher and writer david koepp ca n't sustain it .
feeble comedy .
his -lrb- nelson 's -rrb- screenplay needs some serious re-working to show more of the dilemma , rather than have his characters stage shouting matches about it .
cloaks a familiar anti-feminist equation -lrb- career - kids = misery -rrb- in tiresome romantic-comedy duds .
starts as an intense political and psychological thriller but is sabotaged by ticking time bombs and other hollywood-action cliches .
but the movie 's narrative hook is way too muddled to be an effectively chilling guilty pleasure .
as if drop dead gorgeous was n't enough , this equally derisive clunker is fixated on the spectacle of small-town competition .
the whole mess boils down to a transparently hypocritical work that feels as though it 's trying to set the women 's liberation movement back 20 years . '
its plot and animation offer daytime tv serviceability , but little more .
i wanted more .
the rules of attraction gets us too drunk on the party favors to sober us up with the transparent attempts at moralizing .
plot , characters , drama , emotions , ideas -- all are irrelevant to the experience of seeing the scorpion king .
where tom green stages his gags as assaults on america 's knee-jerk moral sanctimony , jackass lacks aspirations of social upheaval .
there 's surely something wrong with a comedy where the only belly laughs come from the selection of outtakes tacked onto the end credits .
millions of dollars heaped upon a project of such vast proportions need to reap more rewards than spiffy bluescreen technique and stylish weaponry .
while not all that bad of a movie , it 's nowhere near as good as the original .
unfortunately , a cast of competent performers from movies , television and the theater are cast adrift in various new york city locations with no unifying rhythm or visual style .
oversexed , at times overwrought comedy\/drama that offers little insight into the experience of being forty , female and single .
when it comes to the battle of hollywood vs. woo , it looks like woo 's a p.o.w.
a clash between the artificial structure of the story and the more contemporary , naturalistic tone of the film ...
a relentless , bombastic and ultimately empty world war ii action flick .
you can taste it , but there 's no fizz .
dogtown is hollow , self-indulgent , and - worst of all - boring .
nothing here seems as funny as it did in analyze this , not even joe viterelli as de niro 's right-hand goombah .
an extremely unpleasant film .
not really a thriller so much as a movie for teens to laugh , groan and hiss at .
for a film that 's being advertised as a comedy , sweet home alabama is n't as funny as you 'd hoped .
it 's also built on a faulty premise , one it follows into melodrama and silliness .
press the delete key .
you ... get a sense of good intentions derailed by a failure to seek and strike just the right tone .
its inescapable absurdities are tantamount to insulting the intelligence of anyone who has n't been living under a rock -lrb- since sept. 11 -rrb- .
no one can doubt the filmmakers ' motives , but the guys still feels counterproductive .
whether this is art imitating life or life imitating art , it 's an unhappy situation all around .
who , exactly , is fighting whom here ?
starts out with tremendous promise , introducing an intriguing and alluring premise , only to fall prey to a boatload of screenwriting cliches that sink it faster than a leaky freighter .
tale will be all too familiar for anyone who 's seen george roy hill 's 1973 film , `` the sting . ''
i found myself growing more and more frustrated and detached as vincent became more and more abhorrent .
unfortunately , kapur modernizes a.e.w. mason 's story to suit the sensibilities of a young american , a decision that plucks `` the four feathers '' bare .
really does feel like a short stretched out to feature length .
but its storytelling prowess and special effects are both listless .
eerily accurate depiction of depression .
like mike is a slight and uninventive movie : like the exalted michael jordan referred to in the title , many can aspire but none can equal .
never capitalizes on this concept and opts for the breezy and amateurish feel of an after school special on the subject of tolerance .
impostor ca n't think of a thing to do with these characters except have them run through dark tunnels , fight off various anonymous attackers , and evade elaborate surveillance technologies .
this is a movie so insecure about its capacity to excite that it churns up not one but two flagrantly fake thunderstorms to underscore the action .
nothing about this movie works .
on the evidence before us , the answer is clear : not easily and , in the end , not well enough .
the exclamation point seems to be the only bit of glee you 'll find in this dreary mess .
anyone who wants to start writing screenplays can just follow the same blueprint from hundreds of other films , sell it to the highest bidder and walk away without anyone truly knowing your identity .
far too clever by half , howard 's film is really a series of strung-together moments , with all the spaces in between filled with fantasies , daydreams , memories and one fantastic visual trope after another .
pretend it 's a werewolf itself by avoiding eye contact and walking slowly away .